example.ai: This is some text is the file name
example.awk: This is some text is the file name
example.bash: This is some text is the file name
example.bat: This is some text is the file name
example.bmp: This is some text is the file name
example.c++: This is some text is the file name
example.c: This is some text is the file name
example.cc: This is some text is the file name
example.clj: This is some text is the file name
example.cljc: This is some text is the file name
example.cljs: This is some text is the file name
example.coffee: This is some text is the file name
example.conf: This is some text is the file name
example.cp: This is some text is the file name
example.cpp: This is some text is the file name
example.csh: This is some text is the file name
example.css: This is some text is the file name
example.cxx: This is some text is the file name
example.d: This is some text is the file name
example.dart: This is some text is the file name
example.db: This is some text is the file name
example.diff: This is some text is the file name
example.dump: This is some text is the file name
example.edn: This is some text is the file name
example.ejs: This is some text is the file name
example.erl: This is some text is the file name
example.ex: This is some text is the file name
example.eex: This is some text is the file name
example.exs: This is some text is the file name
example.f#: This is some text is the file name
example.fish: This is some text is the file name
example.fs: This is some text is the file name
example.fsi: This is some text is the file name
example.fsscript: This is some text is the file name
example.fsx: This is some text is the file name
example.gif: This is some text is the file name
example.go: This is some text is the file name
example.h: This is some text is the file name
example.hbs: This is some text is the file name
example.hpp: This is some text is the file name
example.hrl: This is some text is the file name
example.hs: This is some text is the file name
example.htm: This is some text is the file name
example.html: This is some text is the file name
example.hxx: This is some text is the file name
example.ico: This is some text is the file name
example.ini: This is some text is the file name
example.java: This is some text is the file name
example.jl: This is some text is the file name
example.jpeg: This is some text is the file name
example.jpg: This is some text is the file name
example.js: This is some text is the file name
example.json: This is some text is the file name
example.jsx: This is some text is the file name
example.ksh: This is some text is the file name
example.less: This is some text is the file name
example.lhs: This is some text is the file name
example.lua: This is some text is the file name
example.markdown: This is some text is the file name
example.md: This is some text is the file name
example.ml: This is some text is the file name
example.mli: This is some text is the file name
example.mustache: This is some text is the file name
example.php: This is some text is the file name
example.pl: This is some text is the file name
example.pm: This is some text is the file name
example.png: This is some text is the file name
example.pp: This is some text is the file name
example.ps1: This is some text is the file name
example.psb: This is some text is the file name
example.psd: This is some text is the file name
example.py: This is some text is the file name
example.pyc: This is some text is the file name
example.pyd: This is some text is the file name
example.pyo: This is some text is the file name
example.rb: This is some text is the file name
example.rlib: This is some text is the file name
example.rmd: This is some text is the file name
example.rs: This is some text is the file name
example.rss: This is some text is the file name
example.sass: This is some text is the file name
example.scala: This is some text is the file name
example.scss: This is some text is the file name
example.sh: This is some text is the file name
example.slim: This is some text is the file name
example.sln: This is some text is the file name
example.sql: This is some text is the file name
example.styl: This is some text is the file name
example.suo: This is some text is the file name
example.t: This is some text is the file name
example.ts: This is some text is the file name
example.tsx: This is some text is the file name
example.twig: This is some text is the file name
example.vi: This is some text is the file name
example.vim: This is some text is the file name
example.vue: This is some text is the file name
example.xul: This is some text is the file name
example.yaml: This is some text is the file name
example.yml: This is some text is the file name
example.zsh: This is some text is the file name
